Decentralized
Zheng Shuchun
In collective life, the social structure of the pyramid is naturally formed. This is an inevitable and stable trend of collective activities. However, in the real world, because human beings are individuals with coexistence of light and darkness, everyone has a bright side, and there is also a dark side. On the one hand, the pyramidal social structure rooted in the nature of humans also inherits the characteristics of humans. The bigger the tree, the greater the shadow, the more concentrated wealth and power, and the more concentrated darkness and evil.

The greater the wealth and the greater the power, the more crimes can be caused. Every economically prosperous area has a high crime rate and a serious area of pornography, gambling, and drugs. No matter how much being cleaned and renovated, it is just like harvesting weeds and the weeds never die out. Some people have been criticized, and another group has emerged. Although some economic benefits can be obtained in this process, these benefits are actually obtained from the masses through black hands. Although the benefits of some people have been increased, they are sacrificing the development potential of society. The greater the concentration of people and wealth in areas, the greater the gap between the rich and the poor. The huge gap induces the weak-willed to fall into the dark side, and finally become the weeds and black hands that are harvested.

This kind of problem also exists in global centralization. Developed countries rely on the advantages of advanced development to absorb global resources and establish a global pyramid international structure. However, due to the duality of mankind, countless evils are generated by these countries. The innate selfishness and jealousy of human beings breed all kinds of racial discrimination, smuggling, illegal immigration, human trafficking, pornography, gambling, and drugs under the huge gap.

Human beings are both human species, and they have a common sense of independent thinking. From the perspective of consciousness, human beings are born equal. However, due to environmental and acquired reasons, everyone is accumulating their own advantages and using their own advantages, which will form a different gap in social life. For the awareness of equality, the huge gap in resource allocation and social status gaps that follow are unacceptable. Although under cultural and other spiritual hypnosis methods, most people can maintain a relatively symmetrical light and dark side, but with the enlightenment of ideas and the smooth communication of information, more and more prominent gaps will drive people into the dark side.

We are thinking about how to offset the huge gap caused by the excessive concentration of wealth and people. In the development of modern society, we need concentrated wealth and people to achieve technological breakthroughs and economies of scale. An overly concentrated population is also a hotbed of viruses. Just like chickens on a farm, it has economic effects. However, once a virus is infected, it is disastrous. In terms of value, the value of human beings is not comparable to that of chickens as food. Human creativity is irreplaceable.

Therefore, decentralization is a way out for us to think about. The economic benefits of centralized processing of materials are huge, but labor-intensive tasks can actually be automated to reduce crowd gathering. Automation improves production efficiency, increases per capita gains, and increases happiness index. The creation ability of mankind can be employed in the form of various small groups and each small group cooperates in the form of social legal person division of labor. Distance affects the economic benefits of the material level. This aspect can be formed by the combination of large logistics transportation system and express delivery. The economic complexes scattered around like stars avoid the breeding of darkness caused by excessive concentration.

Human development has entered the stage of development of scientific and technological information. The development of technology and information optimizes the utilization of human resources and energy. Under the condition that there is not much progress in material science and technology, the development space of software and information processing is almost unlimited, and it can increase material technology development and weaken the limitations of spatial distance. Software and information processing have the highest utilization rate of human creativity and the highest tolerance for distance. It can work remotely and cooperate remotely across regions. The software and information processing industry can be distributed geographically scattered like the form of stars and boost the economics of these areas with high benefits.Huawei is a good example. It moved from Shenzhen to Dongguan to avoid Shenzhen’s excessively concentrated center, and formed a science and technology park in the suburbs of Dongguan, leading the economic development of the small-scale cluster area, avoiding the pressure of high housing prices.

For the unavoidable concentration of resources for large-scale production and special breakthroughs, it is necessary to supervise from multiple angles, reduce the area and depth of the dark side, and advances in science and technology can increase the intensity of supervision.
