Open source projects
——the communism of intellectuals
Zheng Shuchun 
Wisdom is the greatest wealth of mankind. The root of what distinguishes us from animals is that we have wisdom and use our wisdom to invent languages, tools, and civilization. Every human progress is created by wisdom.

But due to environmental, social and resource constraints, our greatest wealth has not been fully utilized. In the social structure and resource allocation of the pyramid structure, only a small number of people enjoy sufficient resources, and most of these few people rely on parental resources, blood relationship, luck or adherence to flattery and other means to obtain resources, and they are not competent in the corresponding society responsibility.

Whether a society can develop healthily depends on the equivalence of interests, capabilities and responsibilities. However, in the real society, there are often unequal abilities, responsibilities, and interests. This phenomenon is a reason for the failure of social development. For example, the social structure of China and the world has been overthrown in the past. The incompetent occupy social resources and can only be overthrown forcibly.

Mankind has never lacked smart people, but whether these smart people can develop the wisdom that is really useful for mankind is limited by the environment, resources, and the strength of personal will. Due to the social structure of the pyramid, most of those smart people are excluded from the possessive class, but because we humans make full use of our own advantages, most smart people can get rid of the limitations of existing resource users, such as culture or religion, hypnosis, legal constraints, etc., take various risks to obtain benefits from grassroots workers, such as fraud, pornography, gambling, lending and other black methods to converge wealth.

Or some of them jump out of current social structure and go to another one to pursue the opportunities to success, such as going abroad. In today's globalization, each country has established its own set of pyramid social structure to allocate, manage and produce social resources.The developed countries, due to the accumulation of wealth and more efficient productivity, can support more resource-sharing classes, which means that the country’s grassroots resources are sufficient to allow the supply of more superstructures, and continually attract global high IQ. people, whether they are excluded or have higher pursuits.

A larger part of smart people are at the grassroots level of the pyramid, or use their own ingenuity and take advantage of it, and float up slightly, such as various gray industries or the formation of social moths, using leverage to make a profit for themselves.

The talents of most intelligent people are not used, and even form constraints that hinder human development. For example, intellectuals in the feudal period formed a moth-like literati or landlord class. Most of their wits were used to fool the people, restrain their thoughts, and became a tool for the ruler to maintain the rule, rather than to contribute to the development of the nation and society. And every time the old society is overthrown, the so-called intellectuals always follow the old-time routines, ready to continue the previous strategy of fooling the people, instead of thinking about ways to contribute to society such as the emancipation of productive forces and the emancipation of social thoughts.

The modern times is good. Under the information explosion, global information exchange and competition have made our vision more far-reaching and clear. We no longer confine our eyes to the superstructure of the pyramid, but focus on the base of the pyramid. We can use human wisdom to carry out technological innovations, increase grassroots productivity, generate higher production value per unit time, create more resources, and use science and technology to increase the transparency and openness of information, and also promote the ability and publicity of the society. The reciprocity of responsibilities and interests guarantees the healthy and sustainable development of society. The advancement of society has ensured that the wisdom of smart people becomes the wisdom that contributes to mankind, and that human intellect becomes an aid to human development rather than a stumbling block.

However, due to resource, environmental and social constraints, most economically underdeveloped areas cannot support enough superstructures in the area to accommodate the talented people in the area. These people can only be buried, or even worse, become the social moths hinder social development. But this can be avoided in the current information age. This is the open source projects.

The characteristics of software are completely the crystallization of wisdom, and it can be copied infinitely. This is the foundation for realizing communism among intellectuals. Open source projects openly display the work results of predecessors in the form of source code development and allow copying and modification. To enjoy the results of open source projects, you must be an intellectual with sufficient basic knowledge and wisdom. This is a screening, which screens out most of the people who are voracious, lazy, and imbecile, and avoid speculators who reap where those have not sown.

Software is the result of logical thinking, and the result of thought. Open source software is equivalent to showing your thoughts and allowing others to review them, which can be continuously improved and improved. The users of the software are the test objects and the menders at the same time. Open source projects avoid waste of resources in marketing, anti-theft, patent application and other activities related to the social structure, and avoids the influence of the existing society, most of all, they avoid the waste of resources  making the same wheel.

Due to the unlimited replication and continuous improvement of the software, open source projects have realized communism of unlimited sharing of production results, and used the user population for testing and improvement, achieved the continuous evolution of the software. Contributors will also leave records of their contributions in the community, reflecting the social value of the contributors. Moreover, the software itself is the materialization of ideas and algorithms, even if users are not involved in programming, as long as they put forward suggestions for improvement and new ideas, it make great contributions to the open source community.

The value of open source projects is to use the characteristics of unlimited replication, run in the audience, and collect useful data for upgrades. The users are the audience and can also be regarded as creative biological computers, which are the basis for the continuous improvement of open source projects.

Open source projects are suitable for these smart people among human beings. Now that programming materials are freely available on the entire network and the world is online, as long as there is enough wisdom, you can systematically start from mathematics and learn programming.

Nowadays the open source programming language recommended by open source projects is python. There are free materials to learn from the Internet. Self-study is recommended, because the process of self-study is a process of continuously honing one's data collection ability, understanding ability, screening ability, and getting the whole picture of programming ecology. It is quite a interesting activity of continuous exploration and positive feedback that is continuously rewarding.

Open source projects avoid the infiltration of capitalists. As long as capitalists infiltrate, it will inevitably introduce social structure, introduce class distinctions, limit the number of users and the efficiency of software improvement, and limit the development of software. Nowadays, most of the resources of commercial software are spent on anti-theft, patents, and marketing, and eventually  consumers have to pay the price for these resources consumed. Capitalists get the margins in between, which is actually exploiting producers and consumers at the same time. Open source projects cancel the capital in the intermediate link. The common wisdom and efforts of producers and consumers are used to evolve software and avoid waste of resources. Therefore, all open source projects are efficient and streamlined, and those commercial software that transfer in order of GB, in fact, most of the space is used for anti-theft or other useless functions other than the desired ones. Open source software is MB level.

The market value of open source software is huge. Someone may ask, I use pirated software very well, why use open source software? The crux of the problem is that pirated software is only used in China. Due to its special political environment, historical background and nuclear deterrence, China can say no to the rest of the world and restrict the influx of foreign capital. In the world, piracy is petty theft, which is ridiculed and even illegal.

And with China's development and integration with the world, software copyrights protection is gradually Enhanced . Petty thefts have no honour, academic papers and official documents which used those pirated software can't be published , and no one will take care of them when they are poor in the early stage. But you will get a letter from a lawyer if you still do this when you business grow bigger. It’s okay for those software that can be replaced. Those that can’t be replaced are just like a sword hanging over the head. In the end, it will cost millions and billions.

Most of all, the main disadvantage is that even if you spend money, the software may not be easy to use. The underlying code of the software is not public, and you can only passively wait for the official upgrade. If you have any new ideas, you will have to wait a long time, and every upgrade will cost you plenty of money. The price of software also depends on the population of people who use it. If there are more users, it will cost less. On the other hand, the price will cost a fortune if the market is small.

And in this way, capital is introduced, and classification are introduced. The users have no corresponding academic qualifications, no relevant certifications, and may not even be recognized. No matter how good you are, this is where classification comes into play. In this way, those ostracized smart people have nowhere to settle in, they can only take the wrong path and become the moths of the society, instead of joining the open source community, contributing to the infinitely possible open source projects, and obtaining corresponding benefits and rewards to realize their lives value. 
