Programming is also a game
Zheng Shuchun
Games are fun activities that accompany us from childhood to adulthood, giving us endless fun and happiness, allowing us to interact and communicate better with our companions. Games are challenging, interesting, and attractive rewards. Better games can also help us understand society and exercise survival skills.

As we growing up, the games we play are also upgrading, from guessing rock-scissors-cloth, kicking shuttlecock, skipping rope, playing house, building blocks, etc., to real-life PK, e-sports, and online games. As human beings, we have self-awareness and therefore we will instinctively look for the joy of life and enjoy life after we get enough food and cloth. The current human civilization is also based on enjoying life. There is no sexual interference in childhood and apart from eating and sleeping, we can play, study and enjoy all other social activities. Playing occupies most of our time and it makes us consciously, spontaneously, and can't wait to play. We do our best in playing.
What are we playing?

What we play is games. Even in adulthood, the influence of sex and social responsibility will consume most of our energy, but our happiest thing is to play, and our favorite is to play, but now the game is upgraded, smoking, and teasing girls or boys, buying lottery tickets, racing, traveling, etc. Smoking is also a game, and the visual effects of puffing clouds and fog are fantastic, and smoking is also a collective game. A group of people gather together and have nothing to do, so they would just smoke a cigarette to kill the time and gossip, and while a person is boring he would smoke a cigarette out of habit. It's like a group of children getting bored when they gather together, so they do something for fun, such as by burning a fire, rising some smoke, or make some fireworks.

After solving food and clothing issues, we will inevitably find something to make ourselves happy and entertained. Different from children who have limited resources and vision, we as adults have more and more fun games to entertain and we also need those games desperately. It's just like that of an American story says. Once upon a time, one man knows that a group of people are lying to him and trying to cheat his money, but he is still happy with it. When someone asks him why, he said that this is the only game in the town. They will do everything to get excited and thrilled once adults get bored and those ones abided by the law will do within the limits of the law, and those who ignore the law will be lawless, but there will be corresponding consequences to be borne later.

I also play games since I was young, but as I grew up, I find that the games ever appeared in society are too low-class.

Take smoking as an example. The smokers are just a group of people who commit suicide unconsciously and habitually. The people who smoke may not know this, maybe just don’t care, or they know the damage the cigarette can cause but just can’t help it. However, under the analysis of physiology, pathology, and psychology, the respiratory tract is polluted by chemical substances remains of the cigarette and the weakness, dependence and psychological addiction caused by psychological anxiety, and blind obedience in collective social life all reflect the harm of smoking. It is said that the more we know, the less reckless we are. Series of sequelae and manifestations cause by smoking are quite enough reasons that keep us from it.

Let’s take look at e-sports games. Every time my classmates or colleagues are showing off how excellent their skills are in the e-sports, and every time I look at the gorgeous fighting scenes and characters in the game interface, I always feel like seeing a child playing in an adult’s small game house. The rewards and the rules are set by the adult and no matter how good the child is good at this, he will always do what we want him to do. Every time a child succeeds, we will always be very gratified and happy about that and maybe we will do some other tricks next time that would make it more interesting. Making a small wooden house to let the children come in and play happily, this is also our game.

So what game is not low-grade and suitable for adults to play?

The answer is: Programming, this is the most challenging and interesting game I have ever found. As I mentioned before, learning is to understand society and the world in an orderly manner. Programming is to interact with society and the world in an orderly manner. Programming proceduralizes a series of repetitive things, avoids repeated operations of humans, and maintains an orderly record of this interactive process while improving efficiency, and can be continuously optimized and modified.

Some people may ask, how programming can be a game, it is so difficult, and where is the fun?

How we define games? It is the low cost. Our adult life is also based on games, such as from the children’s playground houses to the upgrade version high-cost buildings for adults, low-cost playground houses allow constant mistakes and allow children to build small clay figurines and small earthen houses happily. As long as the child finds it interesting, happy, and plays whatever he wants, The cost is the time a child is indifferent to or even eager to kill.

It is the same true for programming. Programming is a game of thinking. The hardware is a few hundred RMB for some cheaper ones, and a little more expensive such as two or three thousand RMB can have a better configuration. Programming allows mistakes, and even encourages them. Programming can be continuously adjusted by feedback through the simulation platform, which consumes the programmer's time, but the accumulated experience can be constantly evolving. The programmer will gradually become familiar with the pattern of the program during continuous debugging. With intuitive sensation, skilled programmers can instantly realize where the bug is and how to solve the bug, even if the bug has never been encountered.

Different from entity research and development, which requires a lot of people to cooperate and consume a lot of resources, programming is a brainstorming game in which the human brain recognizes the development rules of things and makes them logical and programmatic. Even if there are flaws, because of the programming language’s description and preservation, the program can be continuously optimized and improved, and there will be no frequent repeated mistakes of humans. Programming maintains human rational thinking, uses human perception and sensation for innovation, and reduces the cost of human error.

Compared with entity research and development, programming is a game. It has the low-cost features of games and allows for constant modification. The fun of programming lies in:

First, similar to the interactive process of other games with the world, programming is a purposeful and orderly interaction between the human mind and the world, and can be maintained and continuously improved and evolved.

Second, similar to other games, programming has rewards. Even if it does not account for the huge economic benefits that programming produces to individuals and society, programming is the transformation of human thinking from illusory to reality. In the pursuit of eternity by our individuals with limited lives, thinking is the most likely one to exist forever. Our memories of great men all come from historical documents and the works of great men. These are actually the medium through which great men exist forever, and words preserve their thoughts. The program is a copy of human thought in modern society, the result of human’s pursuit of eternal thought.

As human beings, we all hope that what we do can leave a trace in the world and prove that we have been here even after we pass away. So our ancestors left behind buildings such as the Pyramid and the Great Wall, or thoughts such as writings and historical records. But these can only leave a part, while the program can leave behind our entire thought. The best way for people to remember is to have interests involved, and future generations will know Bill Gates from the WINDOWS system, but not necessarily from his biography.
