Seeking common ground while reserving differences under globalization
Zheng Shuchun
In the era of the information revolution, the time distance of the earth has shrunk, information communication and exchanges have accelerated, and international cooperation and disputes have also increased.

Under the trend of globalization, how can we better cooperate in the complex economic, political, cultural, and religious environment of various countries? How can we better mobilize global resources and produce more benefits? How can a nation gain an advantage in the trend of globalization?

This is a question that every wise man and woman is considering, and I will elaborate on my opinion here.

In a complex and changeable environment, the most effective approach is to find a familiar and constant consensus.

The unifying consensus in the current trend of globalization is interest. As a biological instinct, we are naturally inclined to things and methods that are beneficial to us. This is the commonality of human beings and cannot be completely changed by political and religious beliefs.

Taking benefits as the purpose, deriving pure benefits chasers such as individuals and groups, entrepreneurs and companies. Under the condition of minimizing the influence of politics, religion, and culture, entrepreneurs and companies take interest as common ground, make full use of global resources, and create more benefits. This forms a virtuous circle and forms global economic development. In turn, it promotes the dissemination of culture, politics and religion of the country where the company is located, and urges the nation to gain an advantage in global competition. This is also the reasons how the rise of the modern countries such as Britain, France, Germany, and why the English and French as the world's mainstream official language.

The national competition includes fierce war and economic competition which just like soft knife cutting flesh. Under the conditions of nuclear weapons deterrence and global information exchange, the causality of war is too great and the cost is too much, while the economic development is silent and subtle way to achieve the effects of political expansion, cultural assimilation, religious assimilation and finally national superiority.

Technology is currently the biggest creator of benefits. Technology squeezes value from the world, increases the value of human output per unit of time, and improves human work efficiency. Except for science and technology, other methods are used to transfer existing benefits of other people. Due to biological reflection behavior patterns, there will be greater causal residues, causal returns are faster, and human wisdom is not easy to circumvent. Technology is to discover and squeeze the natural world. The passive and unconscious properties of matter make their causal return cycle predictable, transferable and avoidable, allowing humans to use the properties of matter more flexibly.

Obviously, large international companies that use technology as a means of profit are unparalleled in their contribution to a country and nation. Using technology as a means, they can make the best use of global resources to create the greatest benefits, and there are few unfavorable causes and effects. Weakening the political, religious and cultural influence of the company’s birthplace can be unimpeded globally. This kind of company is a sharp sword of globalization, overcoming obstacles and clearing obstacles to the way forward for the nation where the company belongs.

Interests are the common ground of the world, so why are religions, politics, and cultures different? It is the same on the earth, the same people, and the same material composition. Why is the difference among nations with less communication in the world?

The differences in race do exist. We must realize this. The differences in politics, culture, and religion are the same consciousness that has evolved over a long period of time due to differences in geographic location, resource conditions, and environmental differences. The acquired influence can be assimilated continuously and slowly over time.

Why does the caste system in India seem so weird, ignorant and absurd in other countries, but the people in India regard it as normal? This is the impact of the acquired environment on people, the living environment and the social environment. The comfortable living environment in India has led to the lazy style and lack of fighting spirit there. The hypnosis of Hinduism, Buddhism and politics of the social environment suppressed the resistance of the bottom society.

In the age of globalization, look at the politics, religion and culture of each country from the perspective of the world. Through comparison, you will find how ridiculous these are. You are like watching a livestock farm. In the pigsty, the pig who is tall and strong, hums at the weak, and occupies the sow, while occasionally a lightning strike its brain, organizes activities, allocates resources, and when there is a pig who wants to make trouble, he promotes enslaving education and diverts his attention. The weak hum and slowly they get used to this and find their ways of self-entertainment. Different countries are like different animal circles. Politics, religion, and culture are just tools for resource allocation, alleviation of conflicts, and spiritual needs in the activities of different ethnic groups. These tools will always be a little uncomfortable for other animal circles, but if by opening the road with water, different animal enclosures can be mixed together, and those who can adjust will survive, while others will be washed away naturally.
