The value of time
Zheng Shuchun
What is the time? Every human being who likes to think has his or her own insight, and scientists have a constant position for the time. In my opinion, time is relative. The time of the material world flows constantly under the large reference system, while the time of our human beings changes relative to our consciousness.

Everything is valuable. In terms of our human-centered values, time has great value and unlimited potential.

How to discover the value of time? How to make full use of time so that time can play the greatest value to humans?

This is what I want to explore here.

Starting from 24 hours a day, we need enough time to sleep during the growth phase of our body. Our body will self-regulate. Regular work and rest will form a biological clock. We use the biological clock as a guide to carry out daily activities. We must rest when we should rest. The time can be fully utilized to create value.

In the early learning and growth period of human beings, time should be fully used to understand and absorb existing knowledge, scientifically and systematically conduct professional training, form an understanding and mastery of social and scientific systems, and have self-learning capabilities.

After entering the social workplace in adulthood, we should make full use of time to create more value and progress by learning. During this period, human beings have 7 hours a day, except 7 hours for sleep, 8 hours for work, and 2 hours for miscellaneous items, which could be spare for learning.

As for the reason why learning has always been emphasized here, as human beings, the meaning of our existence lies in communicating with the outside world, and relatively disorderly and chaotic communication, learning is purposeful and orderly information exchange. Chaotic and disorderly communication is inefficient and can't fully use the value of time. While learning can make the best of time and focused attention can even extend the relative length of time in human consciousness. As it said, time is life, and the length of time in human consciousness is the effective length of human life.

Human progress has always been achieved by the discovery of the value of time. Each revolutionary change is caused by a surge in productivity, and productivity is the effective output per unit of time, which is the discovery of the value of time.

In the period of slave society, even if slave owners squeezed slaves day and night, the value output was inefficient. The value that slaves can create 24 hours a day is not as good as the peasants in feudal society, and even worse than the workers in capital society who use machines. The fundamental reason here lies in the use of time. Slaves' long-term squeeze is only squeezing the value of working time, and the time that slaves use to resist should also be subtracted. The value produced by the feudal peasants is only the value of the peasants when they work, and most of the value of the peasants' remaining time is wasted, and it rarely contributes to the value created. The value created by the workers in the capital society is the accumulation of the time value . The accumulation of the workers’ early systematic learning and the accumulation of the time value of other groups represented by the machine. The further training that workers receive in their spare time, the value generated by the systematic learning is also increasing the value that workers created. Then, we can expect that in a more advanced society in the future which further explore the time value, everyone in the society will study in their spare time, and work together with the time value accumulated in the early stage of the society to create a higher unit time value.

This is also the basic success element of these people who can do a good job in time management. Even those who rely on the resources of their parents are due to the accumulation of time value of their parents on the beneficiaries. We can infer the future development direction from the discovery of the value of time, and only those who conform to social development can occupy a place in society and achieve success. Therefore, as individuals, we must now be good at making full use of time and learning systematically. Strive for greater output per unit of time.

Perhaps, some people will wonder thus we would have litte time for entertainment, live just like a robot. It is confusing and terrifying and unsettling. There is no need to worry about this, that I will say. The development of society will guide individuals to develop in this direction in a voluntary manner. Volunteering means that there will be rewards for their efforts and people carry out it of self-conscious. Moreover, the direction of social development itself is the direction of human evolution. The reasons why we humans win in the nature are that we are more able to discover the value of time than other animals, And to maintain our evolutionary advantage, facing the challenges of the world, constantly discovering the value of time must be our evolutionary direction. Meanwhile with the progress of society, entertainments and other leisure activities may be more efficient. For example, one hour of entertainment can enable an individual to experience entertainment that is better than 10 hours of the past, such as the roller coaster and Extreme Sports. This is also a development trend.